# epam_task
This project is an web application witch consist of three pages. This application gives opportunity to interact with database. Database include two tables: Employee and Department. With help of this application you can view tables, edit, add, and delete database rows form tables.

Software used in this project: programming language Python, web-framework Django, MySQL database
Interaction with database is performed with Django-ORM, html-pages made with help of Django template engine


Step 8. Create Project Structure		11.11.2020		Planned	Python project created					11.11.2020	11.11.2020			Flask Project Layout		https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/tutorial/layout/		<p>Create a Python project with the following required structure:</p><p><strong>department-app</strong> (a project/app directory)</p><p><strong>|__ migrations</strong> (this package must include migration files to manage database schema changes )</p><p><strong>|__ models</strong> (this package must include modules with Python classes describing DB models)</p><p><strong>|__ service</strong> (this package must include modules with functions/classes to work with DB (CRUD operations))</p><p><strong>|__ rest</strong> (this package must include modules with RESTful service implementation)</p><p><strong>|__ templates</strong> (this folder must include web app HTML templates)</p><p><strong>|__ static</strong> (this folder must include static files (js, css, images, etc,))</p><p><strong>|__ tests</strong> (this package must include modules with unit tests)</p><p><strong>|__ views</strong> (this package must include modules with Web controllers/views)</p><p><strong>NOTES:</strong></p><ol><li>The project must include a <strong>setup.py</strong> file - installation file telling Python how to install your project.</li><li><strong>Django</strong> application must be set up using the <strong>startproject</strong> and <strong>startapp</strong> commands and then the required packages described above must be created manually.</li><li>Any other project files/packages/sub-packages you might add in the future.</li></ol>
					Create pull request(s) in GitHub. Add your mentor as reviewer									Django Project Layout		https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.1/intro/reusable-apps/	
